Update docs V2.1.0 (#61)
sygmaprotocol/docs: docs/docs/03-sdk/04-methods-reference/bridge/bridgeAndCall.md

```typescript
const settings = {
  account: '0xYourAddressHere',
  destinationChain: 11155111,  // Sepolia testnet
  token: 'ETH',
  amount: 5000000000000000000,  // 5 ETH in the smallest denomination (wei)
  contractCall: {
    contractAddress: '0xContractAddressHere',
    callData: '0xSomeCallData',  // Encoded contract interaction data
    gasLimit: 21000,  // Standard gas limit for simple ETH transfers
  },
  recipient: '0xRecipientAddressHere',  // The recipient of the native token transfer
  sourceChains: [84532]  // Optional: List of source chains to be considered
};

sprinter.bridgeAndCall(settings).then(solution => {
  console.log(solution);
});
```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

:::note
You can limit the solution to a specific source chain using the `sourceChains` field. For example, to use only `BaseSepolia` (chain ID `84532`), provide it as an array like this:

```typescript
sourceChains: [84532];
```
If omitted, Sprinter will consider all available source chains.
:::

### Example: Using `fetchOptions`

```typescript

> sprinter.bridgeAndCall(settings, { baseUrl: 'https://custom.api.url' }).then(solution => {

Reviewer: both parameters can be combined into a single object

```ts
{ settings, fetchOptions }
```

Reviewer 2: `fetchOptions` is an optional paramether, and then you will have `{ setting: { bla bla...} }`

Reviewer 3: maybe have baseUrl/environment inside settings directly and rest of fetchOptions nested inside settings like:
```
settings: {
   env: MAINNET,
   fetchOptions: FetchOptionsWithoutBaseUrl
}
```

---
id: bridge-and-call
title: bridgeAndCall
sidebar_position: 2
---

> # `bridgeAndCall`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# `transferAndCall`
```

> The `bridgeAndCall` method generates a solution for performing a single-hop cross-chain token transfer, followed by a contract call on the destination chain. The contract call can be either a native contract call or a token transfer with a contract call. This method returns the necessary transaction details to execute both the token transfer and the contract interaction.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `bridgeAndCall` method generates a solution for performing a token transfer from single origin chain, followed by a contract call on the destination chain. The contract call can be either a native contract call or a token transfer with a contract call. This method returns the necessary transaction details to execute both the token transfer and the contract interaction.
```

Reviewer 3: since it doesn't means it's always cross chain
